going into init
manuf:  0x03
oem:    SD
prod:   SS08G
rev:    80
serial: 0xa46d1d53
date:   2/17
size:   7580MB
copy:   1
wr.pr.: 0/0
format: 0
free:   3641081856/3644850176
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening root directory failed
open error
error seeking on testwritee.txt
going into init
opening partition failed
opening filesystem failed
opening ro